hello
are we up can we hear me
and everything like that it should be on
low latency so the delay between you and
me
won't be all that bad
but um we're gonna give a second for the
notification to go up
and give a second for people to come in
here
but because this will also be you know a
video that's posted after it's done
hi
i'm brittany
this is wei ying and welcome to gay
watch where we watch gay things
today we are reading
or we are beginning to read volume two
of modern sushi
it's super
[Music]
[__]
exciting
um if you missed it i did read the first
volume volume one um and it is a whole
playlist it was
mostly live streams as well
it was live streams it was a bunch of
live streams and um
so we've been through that i have seen
the untamed which is what led me to the
book um
[Music]
and
that's pretty much it i think that's all
you need to know i have seen the untamed
i haven't seen the the donghua
but
that's fine i have plans to see the
dongwa and the audio drama there's a lot
of content when it comes to these fools
and i plan to get through them
at some point
so let's see this isn't your this isn't
your typical read-along and that it's
not meant to be any kind of audiobook
experience
or anything like that i literally have
not read this
in any way and i will be reacting to it
as i read so this is really just a chill
sit back hang out
type atmosphere we have going on
very casual
um
i believe we ended just as we were about
to get into the yeast city arc
that's dangerous and illegal because i
have been very curious to see how
exactly they break down
the full yeast city arc i believe we got
a glimpse
and yeah and
at the top of this one they're just
arriving at yi city to unpack
all of that
and um
i'm real curious to see
how that is portrayed without uh
censorship
so let's see
if you guys are talking in chat i
actually do not see you
let me see if i can switch over
there we are live chat okay there you
are there you are hello
i was like i know people are talking i
don't know why i'm not seeing anything
hey guys
um i'm also
one second let me click over here to see
what's happening i'm also having a bit
of a kin porsche disaster situation
going on right now
i am trying to get up a reaction to the
side story that was posted today
and the first video did not work i
thought i was going to be able to use
all of it but now i want so it's it's a
mess i have had a rather exciting uh
run-up to this live stream
so if i have to like take a second
in a minute or two
to like make sure that
things are progressing the way that they
should be
my apologies be on cloud loves to say
you know yeah you can use 60
of our episodes and your reactions and
not really support you or explain
anything beyond that so it's a bit of a
scramble
but of course the uncut
reaction i just put up on patreon
so patrons can go and see the full
um
i think it was like eight minutes long
the side story scene thing
okay
let me see we will be going for
about an hour and a half
this time around i think with volume one
and these live streams were about an
hour
and i experimented with one being an
hour and a half and that was actually
quite quite enjoyable that was fun
plus it'll let us get through
get through this a little bit faster a
little bit better of a clip i feel
because just an hour at a time was nice
but like not enough is it ever enough no
but
still not quite enough
okay
part eight
well part one of part eight
at the very beginning
is called the stalk of grass
was that like a reference to
didn't shu young
have that have one like in his mouth a
lot for yi city or am i completely
making that up
i could be i'm due for yet another
rewatch of the show
but that's the only thing that i can
think of in
relation to ye city
i believe that's it
let me hop over here
make sure that i don't have to
okay one second let me email
the link to this video
to uh not this video obviously to the
kimpers reaction off to the admin at be
on cloud and then they're going to do
whatever the [__] they feel like doing
with it
there it goes
i'm going to delete that forever
[Music]
um
did i make it ready to post at all with
like thumbnails or anything no of course
not why would i do that i'm only sitting
here live
the uh disaster that this day has been
so far
is
almost impressive
the payoff of course only being that the
side story was absolutely
fabulous
i made a thumbnail do not tell me that i
didn't
i suppose this gives people an extra
chance to uh
get the notification that i'm live and
come on in
do i know where it is there you are
oh i would like for things to go faster
than they are
my apologies guys this is ridiculous if
this is your first time tuning in
like the beginning of live streams can
be really interesting on this channel
but they are not usually this disastrous
they're not usually this uh chaotic and
slow to start i promise
i cannot believe i am
doing
seo live
on this channel
just in case
it goes up fine
this is the most surreal
wow
okay
my apologies
it's still checking and that's fine
we're gonna go ahead and get started
my life okay
this is what happens when i try to be on
time
everything falls apart
make sure i can see that we are still
green make sure i can see what you guys
are talking about
oh no stella
your cat likes my voice
that's like a high compliment
my cats could give a [__] of course they
hear it all the time maybe that's
it okay
we are breathing we are here we are
present hi
i already did the intro i already
explained things if you've been here
before like you know what this is when
the mode does issue volume one reactions
and
people have questions or like or like
what the hell is going on because this
type of reading reaction thing isn't all
that common on youtube
uh fill them in
this is not an audiobook experience
okay
anyway part eight the stock of grass
part one oh man and see i've been
filming dramatical murder which is a
japanese visual novel so
i've been saying japanese words
lately and now i get to switch over to
um chinese words and
it might be even more interesting than
usual
okay
part one oh my god no sorry it just hit
me you city it's fine i'm fine this is
going to be an emotionally stable
livestream guys i don't know why
you're so concerned
the shudong raisin region was inundated
by countless river valleys and
surrounded by tall mountains with such
rugged terrain breaking up the flow of
winds much of it was thus shrouded in
year-round mists
weiwo shan and lan wong ji
traveled in the direction that the ghost
left that the ghost left arm had pointed
finally happening upon a tiny village
mud houses with thatched roofs were
encircled by a number of fences a flock
of many colored hens and chicks pecked
at grain as they wandered in and out of
yards and a big bright feathered rooster
perched on one foot upon a roof
it shook its crest twisting its neck as
it surveyed the land with pride
fortunately none of the households had
dogs
the villagers probably didn't get to eat
much meat themselves let alone have
extra bones to feed dogs
the road split at the village entrance
branching off in three directions two of
these roads were visibly worn and
flattened with frequent use
the surface of the last path however was
overgrown with weeds a crooked
rectangular stone marker stood beside it
pointing in the same direction as the
path
the marker was aged and weather worn
with a massive crack that stretched from
top to bottom stalks of withered grass
poked from the cracks
two giant characters presumably the name
of the destination the road led to were
carved into the stone the lower
character was just barely legible as
city but the upper character had many
strokes and a complicated shape
the giant crack just happened to cut
through it too
and many stone fragments had been
chipped off way with shan leaned over
and peeled away the weeds but even after
studying the tablet for a long time he
couldn't figure out what the top
character was
of course the direction the left arm
pointed in just had to be down that road
why don't we go ask the villagers way
wishing suggested lenwang ji nodded
needless to say weirshen didn't expect
him to do the asking
face splitting into a wide smile he
walked toward a gaggle of farmer ladies
who were sprinkling grain feeding the
chickens
the women were a mix of young and old
when they saw a strange young man
approaching they all tensed looking
ready to drop their winnowing pans and
escape back into their houses only after
way wushan spoke to them still smiling
tearfully did they gradually calm down
and begin to shyly answer his questions
wavy shan pointed at the stone marker
and made an inquiry all at once the
women's faces changed it was with
significant hesitation that the
haltingly that they haltingly conversed
with him on the topic pointing and
gesturing during the conversation they
didn't dare glance at la mongeau who
stood who still stood next to the stone
marker wei wushan listened earnestly for
a while the corners of his lips raised
the entire time
he seemed to change the subject toward
the end causing the farmer ladies to
brighten gradually relax and bashfully
return his smiles
i don't know man we love a guy who can
put people at ease you know
lan wong ji stared at them from a
distance he waited for a while but
weirshan appeared to have no intention
of returning
then monkey slowly hung his head and
kicked it a small rock next to his foot
no
one's you feeling neglected
baby no
he's just a by disaster you know he gets
distracted by things it's fine
he flipped and fiddled with that
innocent little rock over and over for
quite a while when he looked up again
wei shan had taken something from his
robes and passed it to the chattiest of
the farmer ladies
lenwongji stood there dumbly until he
could endure it no longer just as he was
about to walk over however wayward sam
finally returned strolling leisurely
back over with his hands clasped behind
him
hang on jun you should have gone over he
commented as he returned to lan wang to
side they keep rabbits in their yard
man
i wish i had alcohol next to me just so
i could like take a shot every time like
rabbits is mentioned
rabbits are mentioned
or anything like that what what a good
drinking game for modes you should be
like an actual good drinking game one
that's not going to literally kill you
um
thoughts
did not react to this discovery what
information did you obtain he said
coolly instead
this road leads to yi city the first one
on the tablet is yi yueshan said
yi for
[Music]
yes and no
please elaborate
it's the same word but a different
meaning way wushan explained it's not
the yi for chivalry but the yi for yi
zhuang
charitable mortuary
who the [__]
names the city
charitable mortuary city
like granted
suitable
considering what happens there but like
who
who names it that
for the love of god
oh man
they started down the road treading on
tangled weeds and leaving the stone
marker behind them as way we shan
continued to share his findings
those ladies said most people in yeast
city are short-lived it's been that way
for ages where they're naturally short
or violently abbreviated their lives end
early and so the city has a lot of
mortuaries to store bodies in
see that's the thing about mxtx man she
makes me ask a question
and then she just promptly answers it
she either answers it within like
two sentences
or answers it
like
40 episodes down the line
there's no in between with her
on top of that the local specialties are
coffins josh paper and other kinds of
funerary goods their craft is exquisite
whether it be coffins or paper funerary
effigies
thus did the city get its name
i'm so bad
there were barely perceptible dips and
ruts in the road in addition to the
broken rocks and wind blown weeds while
we were shan talked and walked lan wong
ji had been watching out for his every
step
they said the people of their village
rarely go to ye city and those from
yeast city rarely leave unless it's to
deliver goods they've barely seen anyone
in recent years and this road has been
deserted for many more it's going to be
a difficult walk indeed
and then wrongs be prompted
and what
what did you give them
oh that those were cosmetics way wishing
replied
in chinese he had purchased a small box
of rouge from the fake cultivator quack
doctor while grilling him for
information he'd been carrying it on him
ever since
when you ask people for information
you've got to give them something as
thanks roshan explained i was going to
give them money at first but they were
too nervous to accept it i noticed they
really liked the scent of that rouge
like they'd never used such a thing
before so i handed it over
he paused briefly then said hey wenjin
why are you looking at me like that i
know the rouge wasn't high quality but i
don't have flowers and accessories on me
at all times to give to ladies like i
did in the past
i really didn't have anything else to
give them and it was better than nothing
len mungji's brows burrowed as if the
statement had evoked an unhappy memory
and he slowly turned his head away
evoked an unhappy memory
what
could that
be
would i even
i wonder if we even know that
like what that
what that unpleasant memory could be
what
[Music]
i'm trying to think while i
the kin porsche video that i just
uploaded
went up blocked so now i have to dispute
it
fortunately i've done this before so
it'll only take me 30 seconds
but now
at least i get to think about something
more interesting while i type in a
a
very very form letter of please dear god
release this video you bastards
[Music]
am i supposed to know how about this you
guys tell me am i supposed to have an
inkling as to what that memory is
and my 80d brain is just failing me
right now or am i
not supposed to know and that's going to
be revealed
because that's the problem with having
foreknowledge and having seen the
untamed i get super mixed up on what i'm
supposed to know and what i'm not
supposed to know and what the book has
yet to tell me
they give me two seconds
and could not possibly be a substitute
for the original material
i cannot believe i'm having to do this
on a live stream
hmm
okay
so is
that something i'm supposed to have
at least an idea of what that memory is
or do i just not know yet
keyboard asmr hilarious
that's a good
that's a good guess it may just be you
know
len wang ji has plenty of uh not great
memories of wuchan flirting with people
in front of him that's true it could
just be that easy
oh sorry i just hit the mic
probably me and me unrelated
you know actually
that might be it
yeah yeah yeah
intense type keyboard
oh there is something specific that's
gonna thank you ice dragon
it's a spoiler only in the novel it'll
come up later
okay
now that that [__] is dealt with i
can put my focus where it needs to
freaking go because now i'm just sitting
here waiting for
the video to get approved by the magical
copyright gods
i have thoughts on that process
but anyway
here we are we're at the bottom of in
case you're joining us we're at the
bottom of uh page 12 right now if you uh
already have your copy
as they pushed forward down the
difficult road the weeds gradually
withdrew and shrank back to the sides
while the road itself grew increasingly
wider the fog meanwhile grew thicker and
thicker
a set of dilapidated city gates appeared
at the end of the long road and the
ghost's left arm clenched its hand into
a fist
the turret atop the city wall had
missing tiles and peeling paint and one
of the corners was chipped the overall
impression was derelict and unsightly
the city walls themselves were choked
with graffiti painted by unknown
individuals the red of the city gates
had practically faded to white and every
single one of the door nails had rested
black
the gates were not firmly shut
it appeared someone had pushed them
slightly ajar and slipped inside
oh
ducklings
they had yet to set foot in the city
itself but the ominous atmosphere
clearly warned that this was a hellish
place a place where evil swarmed ooh
we love eterna phrase
weibuchan had been examining the area
along the way once they reached the city
gates he commented what terrible feng
shui
lenwengshi nodded sagely a despairing
landscape
yi city was surrounded by tall mountains
and steep cliffs the mountains tilted
sharply toward the city in an oppressive
threatening manner as if they might
collapse at any moment
to be surrounded by such dark and
massive mountains hidden so shrunken and
pitiful in this white fog this place was
as evil as could be
simply standing here made one feel
suffocated by anxiety suffused with
apprehension
the saying rich land fosters talent had
been in use since ancient times and the
opposite also held true
some places had abominable feng shui
simply due to their geography
as if the air was shrouded in lingering
mildew
those who resided in such places were
commonly short-lived and doomed in all
of their endeavors if they remained
rooted there for generations their ill
fortune sank into the very marrow of
their bones and festered there
supernatural manifestations were also
frequent in such places corpse
reanimation the rising of malicious
ghosts and other things occurred far
more often than usual
obviously ye city was such a place
places like these were usually remote
far from the reach of the prominent
clans of the cultivation world of course
those clans never wanted to deal with
them regardless a waterborne abyss could
be driven out but the natural landscape
was difficult to alter if no one came
knocking at their door crying for help
the clans kept their eyes closed and
pretended to be unaware of any
manifestations
well that's in character
for them
just color me shocked
clans ignoring problems i never heard of
such a thing
the best way for the city's residents to
extricate themselves from their
predicament was to move out
but if someone had been rooted there for
generations it was very difficult to
find the resolve to leave the only home
they knew
even if more than half the people in
their hometown were short-lived perhaps
they would be one of the lucky ones they
might think
such thoughts made things seem bearable
waywa shannon lenwang she came to the
city gates and exchanged a look
oh i could picture that perfectly
the gate misaligned due to the axles
buckling under its hefty weight slowly
swung open
the sight that greeted them was not a
bustling street nor lurching fierce
corpses there was nothing but
white thick fog permeated the air it was
several orders thicker than the fog
outside the city walls and they had to
strain to make out a long straight
street ahead with the hat with houses on
either side
not a single person could be seen
the two instinctively shuffled a couple
of steps closer to each other before
entering the city together
wow
okay you know you got it that's some
victorian [__] you know you've got a bad
for a ship
when all they have to do is hang on
instinctively shuffle a couple steps
closer to each other
and you have a little explosion in your
head like i just did
i'm invested in them a normal amount
though it was daytime it was still and
quiet within the city not only were
there no human voices to be heard but
even the clucking of chickens or barking
of dogs was absent
extremely strange
then again since this was the
destination indicated by the ghost's
left arm it would be strange for the
place to not be abnormal
they walked along the long street for a
while the deeper they entered the city
the thicker the white fog grew as if the
air overflowed with evil energy
at first they could still see about 10
steps ahead that only finds then only
five steps finally they could hardly see
their own outstretched fingers
the farther away we shine in language
you walk the closer they press together
touching shoulders in order to be able
to see each other's faces
speaking of victorian [__]
touching shoulders
filthy
explicit triple x
i am scarred for life cannot unsee
okay
it's fine i'm fine
oh no i skipped over where did i did i
feel pain sorry touching shoulders
knocked me for a real loop
i think i did i think i flipped ahead oh
dear god oh no
and it's such a shame because this live
stream was going so smoothly
where the [__] am i
oh jesus
aha
there we go
you can't just throw touching shoulders
at me man
you can't do it i get all flustered and
distracted and i'm 80d that's easy
enough
a thought surfaced in way wishan's mind
if someone took advantage of this fog
and snuck in between us making us a
group of three instead of two we might
not even notice yeah you should like
press together more or harder whatever
the proper uh word is i mean of course
then it might become a different scene
entirely but
[Music]
just then his foot kicked something
he looked down but couldn't make out
what it was we were shane grabbed lung
one to his head hand so he wouldn't walk
off on his own and bent down squinting
to get a closer look
a human head
its eyes bulging with fury assaulted his
vision through the fog
glorious welcome to e city
we have heads and roads
it's pleasant the head bore the
appearance of a man
thick brown and large eyed with
unusually bright circles of blush on
either side of his cheeks way wishing
had almost sent it flying when he kicked
it so he was aware of its weight aware
that it was too light to be a real head
dear god don't do that to me
god damn
he picked it up and squeezed it and the
man's cheeks caved in smearing the blush
in the process so
it was a human head made of paper
i'm i'm
it's fine the paper head was remarkably
lifelike yeah see well the makeup was
exaggerated its five features were quite
exquisite ye city specialized in the
production of funerary items so the
quality of their paper effigies was
naturally excellent duh they even said
that they were paper effigies jesus
christ
funerary paper effigies included
something known as a substitute doll
folk belief held that when a substitute
doll was burned for the deceased they
could suffer in hell on their behalf
scaling the mountain of knives and
plunging into the cauldron of boiling
oil in their stead jesus christ what the
hell does ancient chinese hell look like
anyway
there were also maids and beauties to
serve the forebear in the netherworld
massaging their backs and legs of course
these were nothing but comforts the
living crave for their own solace
this paper head then should be from a
yin muscle man the in-muscle man as its
name implied was a hired roughneck it
was said that once it went down below it
could protect the forebear from being
bullied by malicious ghosts or wily
judges and would ensure that joss money
burned for the forebear wouldn't get
snatched up by beastly little ghouls
the head must have originally had a
large solid paper body to match but
someone had torn it off and tossed it
into the street
countless strands of lustrous ebony
black hair flowed from the paper scalp
weiwoshan reached out and felt it
finding the hair firmly attached to the
scalp as if it had naturally grown there
this craftsmanship really is excellent
was real hair used and glued in place
suddenly a scrawny little shadow darted
right past him
little red flag going up
the appearance of the shadow was highly
strange it brushed right by him and ran
past disappearing into the thick fog in
a flash
beechen unsheathed on its own and
attempted pursuit before it promptly
returned and sheathed itself once more
the thing that had scurried past them
was much too fast certainly too fast for
a human
keep your eyes open and be on alert long
one g cautioned although it had simply
brushed past there was no telling what i
might do next time
we shan't stood up did you catch that
just now
the sound of footsteps and a bamboo pole
len wong ji answered
indeed in that short encounter aside
from the sound of frantic footsteps they
had heard another strange sound that
da-da-da was crisp and clear similar to
a bamboo pole beating the ground in
rapid taps what had caused some such a
sound
just then they heard more footsteps
ahead in the dense fog
this time the footsteps were very light
very slow and also
numerous and varied
it seemed to be a number of people
cautiously approaching attempting to
remain undetected we wish inflict his
hand flipped out a yin burning talisman
and casually sent it off in that
direction
if anything ahead was boiling with
resentment the talisman would burn and
the resulting fire light could at least
brighten the area
the newcomers ahead realized someone had
thrown something at them and retaliated
instantly multiple sword glares and a
rainbow of colors
scratching and murder scathing
and murderous came hurtling at them
beach had leisurely unsheathed itself
and traced a half circle before away we
shan
beating all the sword glares back the
group of newcomers was battered into
total confusion
having heard their angry noises however
lan rangi immediately withdrew bichen
while wei wushan wondered aloud jinling
shizui
he was not mistaken gentling's voice
echoed from within the white fog you
again
just hear it from the
that's what i was going to say wait was
shane said
lan jazu's voice was filled with delight
despite his best attempts at restraining
himself
mo gangshi you're here too does that
mean hang on jin has also come
jin ling immediately shut up when he
heard lying when she might be there as
if the silencing spell had been cast
upon him
clearly he was scared he'd be
disciplined if caught in the act of any
wrongdoing
in contrast leng jingy also shouted he
must have that was beaching just now
right that was bichin
yeah he's here he's right beside me as
we speak waywashen replied come over
here quick all of you
learning the ones before them were
friends rather than foes the group of
views reacted as if they'd just been
saved
everyone hastily gathered together aside
from jin ling and the land juniors there
were also seven or eight boys in the
uniforms of other clans the hesitation
on their faces still unfaded
there were likely juniors from other
highly regarded cultivation clans
why are you all here wayward shannon
asked attacking so fiercely right away
thank goodness i have hang on june here
with me what if you hurt ordinary folks
jindling rebutted there's no ordinary
folks here there's no one in the city at
all
land shizuri nodded evil miasma pervades
all even under the light of day moreover
not a single store is open
that's not important the way buchan said
how did you all manage to gather here
don't tell me you guys arranged to come
out as a group for a night hunt
ginling had an imperious temperament and
a certain tendency to pick fights with
anyone he considered intolerable which
was in fact everyone
taking into account the previous
friction between jin ling and the land
juniors how could they have willingly
gone on a night hunt together
lanta joey who was the kind to answer
every question posed to him because he's
the best boy that's fine
explained accordingly
that's a long story we were originally
right then the unusually piercing sound
of bamboo hitting the ground came from
within the dense fog
startled the junior's faces changed
color it's here again
the sound of bamboo hitting the ground
would come suddenly and disappear
equally suddenly sometimes far sometimes
near it was impossible to determine its
location nor its source
gather close and don't move don't draw
your swords either way wishing said
the juniors frantically brandishing
swords in this dense fog would probably
end with them injuring themselves before
the enemy suffered any blows
a moment later the sound came to an
abrupt stop
after a long silence one of the clan
juniors whispered it's that thing again
how long is it going to keep following
us
it's been following you guys wait was
shane asked we stayed together since we
entered the city afraid of losing each
other with how thick the [__] this fog
is
and then we suddenly heard that noise it
wasn't this fast at first and it only
came every so often with long intervals
of peace
we even saw a small indistinct figure in
the fog ahead of us but when we ran over
it had already disappeared that sound
has followed us ever since
how small way was shane asked land
shizui gestured near his chest very much
so quite petite
how long have you guys been here away
wishing asked almost half an incense
time lance zooey replied half an incense
time wayward shannon turned around hang
on jun how long have we been here
len wang zhi's voice came through the
haze of the white fog nearly one incense
time
you see we rashan said we've been here
longer so how did you manage to get
ahead of us and only bump into us when
you doubled back
jindling finally cut in despite himself
but we didn't double back we've been
following this road forward
oh
supernatural [__] hazelfoot
if they were all going forward then
could this road have been tampered with
turned into a recursive maze array who's
driving the truck
have you tried mounting your swords to
fly up and look down from above wait was
shane asked yes lance zooey answered it
felt like i'd flown up a very long
distance but in reality i didn't rise
very high at all moreover there was some
blurry black shadows scurrying about in
the air i was afraid i wouldn't be able
to handle them so i came back down
silence blanketed the group shudong was
a region rife with fog to begin with so
they paid the white fog so they paid the
white fog of yeast city no mind in the
beginning
however it was beginning to look like
this wasn't a naturally occurring fog
but an evil miasma instead
landing was a lot armed this fog isn't
poisonous is it no it's haunted fog's
haunted fox haunted it's worse
probably not wayward shan said we've
been standing in it for a long time and
we're still alive
had i known i would have brought fairy
with me ginling said
it's all the fault of that damn donkey
of yours hey now
let's not impugn apple okay
the greatest donkey who ever lived
when we wishing heard the dog's name
goosebumps shivered down his back
landing he shot back we didn't even
blame your dog it was the one who bit
first and got walked by little apples
hooves for it so who's the one at fault
either way neither of them can move
right now
what where was shannon kitten my little
apple got bitten by a dog
gently scoffed jin ling scoffed how can
you compare that donkey to my spirit dog
furry was a special gift to me for my
little little uncle
i'm telling you if anything happens to
it even ten thousand doggy donkeys won't
be enough franklin pens well
okay maybe like your average donkey but
we're talking about apple so
i feel like it's a fair trade i'm just
saying there's a footnote here though
after uh jin ling said fairy was a
special gift to me for my little uncle
um there's a footnote that says jinling
refers to his paternal uncle jinguang
yao
as xiao shushu which translates to
little paternal uncle the use of little
here indicates that jing wang yao is
younger than jin ling's other paternal
uncles jin ling's maternal uncle jian
chang is referred to as juju
ah so he's talking about yao
did i know that
that fairy was a gift to jin ling from
yao
no no i feel like i knew that
i feel like this is new
i mean not new
you know we just don't know
i'm not going to pretend to make sense
way roshan easily derailed this argument
argument with some nonsense of his own
can we write that down way we shan
easily derailed this argument with some
nonsense of his own
yes
don't you go trying to intimidate people
with landfills name furthermore little
apple is the steed that hang one june
gifted me ha
why would you guys bring little apple
down the mountain to a night hunt and
allow it to be injured too
liar the land juniors responded as one
they refused to believe that hang mon
jun with his taste in class would pick
such a steed as a gift even though
lenward she didn't refute the statement
they vehemently refused to believe it
um
sorry mo gangshi
len zuri explained your little uh
donkey was making a racket every day at
the cloud recesses the seniors have been
complaining for a long time they told us
we must drive it out the next time we
descend the mountain for a night hunt so
we
ling also wasn't convinced the spotted
donkey was a gift from lan wong xi i
loathe the side of that donkey and
what's with that name little apple it's
so stupid
boy
don't make me come after you i realize
you've been through enough but man
lan jingyi thinking such harsh words
would be unwise if the donkey freely was
a gift from hang one june jump to its
defense what's wrong with the name
little apple huh
it likes to eat apples so it's called
little apple like how sensible it's
leagues better than you naming your fat
dog fairy
ooh
we getting into some shade now
how is fairy fat jingling retorted
furiously i dare you to find another
spirit dog more agile
all of a sudden everything went quiet
after a few moments wayward shan asked
is anyone still here
there was a wave of uh
indicating that they were all still
around
glenn wong she replied coldly
clamor
so he'd actually silenced everyone at
once
nobody look at me
no don't look at me
i do not wish to be perceived
i can't handle that i can't handle that
we're gonna sit here we're gonna sip
some juice
i'm not handling that well
okay
way way shannon felt his own lips
despite himself feeling rather lucky he
silenced everyone
but we shan
he ju no no fives
listen
the 10 is speaking
at that moment they heard footsteps
ahead and to their left
they sounded clumsy pausing after every
step soon after the same noise could be
heard in front on the right on the side
behind them all around
although the fog was too thick to see
anything clearly the stench of rot had
already permeated the air
of course weiweshan didn't care about
mere walking corpses he blew a soft
whistle with a rising end note embedded
with the intent to expel
when the walking corpses hidden in the
fog heard that whistle they faltered as
expected then the next second they
unexpectedly came hurtling over
never in his life could we shane have
imagined his expulsion command not just
being ineffective but aggravating the
walking corpses on top of that
he would never have mixed up the
commands for expulsion and aggravate but
there was no time for him to think
further seven or eight wobbling figures
surfaced from the depths of the white
fog if they were visible through the
thickness of ye city's fog then that
meant they had already gotten very close
be trans icy blue sword glare broke
through the white fog it slashed a sharp
circle around the group cutting the many
walking corpses right at the waist
before swiftly returning to its scabbard
weirushan breathed a sigh of relief
under his breath lionmangji murmured
quietly
why
weibushan was pondering the same
question why did the whistle order fail
to expel those walking corpses with such
a slow gait and rotten stench they can't
be high level they should have been the
type to flee in freight if i simply
clapped it's not like whistling runs on
spiritual power it's impossible for it
to just suddenly lose its effectiveness
this is never
abruptly a realization hit him and a
light sheen of sweat sprung up on his
back
no
it wasn't that this had never happened
before it had and not just once there
was indeed a kind of fierce corpse or
malicious spirit he couldn't command the
ones already under the control of the
yin tiger tally
oh wait are we talking about
are we talking about
what i think we're talking about
isn't that what they refer to it in
volume
one the um
stygian amulet tiger amulet stitching
tiger amulet those words in that order
i mean it has to be
yay
yes stitching and amulet thank you
len wang-ji undid the silence spell and
lan shizui could speak again hang on
june is the situation very dangerous
should we leave the city immediately
but with the fog so thick and the road
impassable and we can't fly out
one of the other junior
one of the other clan juniors said i
think there's more walking corpses
coming this way
where i didn't hear any footsteps i
thought i heard strange breathing but
the boy trailed off an embarrassment
realizing how silly he sounded the
moment the words left his lips
another boy mocked i gotta hand it to
you breathing those walking corpses are
dead people how can there be the sound
of breathing
just as he spoke another burly figure
lunged over beach and unsheathed once
more and the figure's head and body
split with a strange popping noise the
clan juniors near it all screamed
worried they'd been injured we rashan
quickly called out what's wrong
something spurted from that walking
corpse lancingy said it looks like some
sort of powder it's bitter and sweet and
rank
he'd wanted to speak but with extremely
unlucky timing had inhaled an abundance
of powder when he opened his mouth
disregarding all thoughts of proper
conduct he spat and sputtered a number
of times
the powder that had erupted from the
walking corpse was no small matter it
was still wreaking havoc in the air
around them and if it found its way into
their lungs the effects would be much
more dire than simply getting a mouthful
of stuff
stand further away from that area all of
you way wishing ordered and you come
over here and let me take a look
okay
answered but i don't see you where are
you visibility was so low that it made
moving around difficult remembering that
bichen's light cut
remembering that beechen's light cut
through the white fog every time it was
unsheathed we ushan turned to address
lan wong ji
dry your sword for a moment so he can
come over
len wang ji was standing right next to
him but he did not respond nor did he
move
suddenly about seven steps away there
was a flash of translucent icy blue
sword light nun wang ji was over there
then who was the one standing behind him
in silence this whole time
suddenly wei wushan's vision went black
a darkened face loomed in his vision it
was dark because it was covered by a
thick dense layer of black smoke this
smoke mass person grabbed at the evil
ceiling uh chinkoon pouch that hung from
his waist but the shanky and pouch
abruptly swelled breaking the strings
tying it shut three malicious spirits
entangled this one and all boiling with
resemblance resentment burst from the
bag and charged forth
where were shown left oh you wanted to
steal the evil sealing chiang koon pouch
then you should get your eyes checked
what are you doing grabbing my spirit
trapping pouch
i
love a man
ever since the encounter at the cemetery
of the chain clan of yuyung
when we weishan and lenwang ji had taken
the torso that the gravedigger had on
earth and forced them to retreat they
had been on the lookout they figured
they wouldn't give up so easily but
would seek to rest the torso from their
possession and an opportune moment
sure enough when they entered yeast city
the gravedigger had taken advantage of
the thick fog and the crowd to make a
move
and they'd su and they'd certainly
succeeded except way wu shin had log
sense swapped the evil ceiling champion
pouch carrying the ghost's left arm with
his spirit trapping pouch
the other left backward and drew a sword
spike filled resentful screeching
immediately followed from the malicious
spirits thrown into confusion by that
single slash
an individual with high cultivation just
as i suspected
way wishing thought he quickly called
out hang on june that grave robbing guy
is here
there was no need for the reminder oh
[Music]
so then this is who i think it is
yeah cause it's the dude it's um uh yeah
no i clued in i clued in i pay attention
i just never remember anything
there was no need for the reminder
lenwang ji's ears alone told him there
was a problem he remained silent with
beechen's swift relentless movement his
only response
the situation wasn't good the
gravedigger sword was covered in black
smoke to prevent its glare from shining
through and it was well hidden within
the white fog to begin with while
beechen could not block its own light at
all he was in the light the enemy was in
the dark and their opponents cultivation
was not low not to mention they were
familiar with the sword techniques of
the land clan of guzu on top of that
they were both fighting blind in the
miasma the gravedigger could strike
without reservation
while
len wang ji had to be careful not to
injure his own party by mistake
truly he was at a grave disadvantage
weiweshan listened to the sounds of the
clashing blades and his heart lurched
he blurted out lanjan are you injured
from the distance came a muffled grut as
if a vital point had been injured but it
was obviously not lan mongeau's voice
impossible lenwang she replied way
washing laughed true
stop it stop flirting
while he's fighting
they can't do that they can't do that to
me
that is deeply unfair and i'm i'm hurt
i am hurt
their opponent seemed to sneer and then
brandished the sword to fight again
beach ends light in the sound of
clashing swords moved farther and
farther away way washand
intentionally shifted the battleground
to deal with the gravedigger not wanting
to hurt them by mistake and so the rest
was up to him he spun around and
questioned aloud how is everyone who
breathed in the powder doing they're
having trouble standing lane shizuru
replied way rochan said gather here at
the center and give me a head count
thankfully once the wave of walking
corpses had been taken care of and the
gravedigger led away nothing else moved
to harass them not even the sound of the
bamboo tapping upon the ground oh god
that's right
the remaining clan juniors gathered
together and counted their numbers no
one was missing way wushan took lanjing
yi and felt his forehead which was a bit
hot it was the same for the other boys
who had breathed in the powder the
walking corpse spewed
he peeled back one of lanjingi's eyelids
and said stick out your tongue and let
me see
lynching he obliged
yup congratulations you've got corpse
poisoning way wushan said
what's there to congratulate jingling
it's an experience a tale to tell when
you're old way roshan said
normally one contracted corpse poisoning
for being scratched or bitten by turned
corpses or from having a wound
contaminated by a turn corpse's tainted
blood very rarely did cultivators allow
a walk walking corpse to get close
enough to scratch your bite and so no
one made a habit of carrying the
antidote on them
lan shizui was very worried
um gangji will anything happen to them
not immediately wei wuchen replied but
once it's in their bloodstream and makes
it to the heart then it's bye-bye
what what will happen lance dewey asked
whatever the corpse is like is what
you'll turn into weird chan said best
case scenario you'll just rot and stink
worst case you'll turn into a
long-haired jiangshi doomed to hop about
forevermore
the poison juniors all drew in a sharp
breath you want to be cured yeah way
washing pressed they all nodded
emphatically
if you want to be cured listen up from
now on he'd well my every word every
single one of you
i see you i see him
while a good number of the boys still
didn't know who he was they had seen how
familiarly he treated hangwon june
addressing him like a peer of the same
generation to the point of calling him
by his birth name
they were also stuck in this eerie city
choked with evil miasma and furthermore
currently poisoned feverish and
generally anxious and fearful they
instinctively wanted someone to depend
on and the way weiwou shan spoke carried
an inexplicable confidence as if there
were nothing to be afraid of this made
it easy for him to lead them around by
the nose
they answered a new in unison okay
wishing received in
an inch and went on to take a mile
you'll do everything i say without
objections understand yes
will be shane clapped everybody on your
feet the unpoisoned will carry the
poison best haul them on your backs but
if it takes two of you to lift them
remember to have their head and heart
elevated over the rest of their body
lending you protested
i can walk you know why do i have to be
carried
well okay
i still don't know how to pronounce that
i've forgotten we wish and began
sarcastically if you gamble around your
blood will circulate faster and reach
your heart faster too so you have to
move less ideally not at all
the boys immediately stood stiff his
boards in a neat row and let their
companions carry them
on his sectimate's back one of them
grumbled i warned you the corpse that
spread it out that toxic powder really
was breathing
lance azuri said mo gangshi we're ready
where are we going as usual lan shizui
was the most well behaved obedient and
untroublesome of the lot
weibo shan said there's no way we can
leave the city for the time being go
knock on doors
knock on what doors jin ling asked we we
shan't turn that question over in his
mind for a moment
does anything else have doors other than
houses
you want us to go into those houses
gently demanded it's perilous enough
outside who knows what's hiding inside
those houses spying on us the moment
those words left his lips everyone
immediately felt like there really were
many pairs of eyes hiding in the thick
fog within within the houses intently
watching their every move and listening
to their every word it gave them the
creeps
we roshan said
you're not wrong it's hard to say if
it's more dangerous out here or indoors
but since it's already this bad outside
no matter how terrible the inside is it
can't be much worse
go on then there's no time to lose we've
got poison to cure
having already promised us such the
group had to do as he said following way
wishing's instructions everyone held on
to the scabbard of the person in front
of them to avoid losing each other in
the fog and knocked on one door after
another after the other
jindling banged heavily for a long time
but heard no response from within
there doesn't seem to be anyone inside
let's go in
waywashan's voice came drifting over who
told you to only go in if there's no one
inside keep knocking we want to enter an
occupied house you want an occupied one
too jingling demanded
yup not properly you were knocking too
hard just now it's very rude where was
chance golden
finland was so angry that he almost
kicked down the wooden door but in the
end he only stomped his foot petulantly
every house on the long street had their
doors shut tight and no matter how much
they knocked they remained silent the
more jindling knocked the more irritated
he became though he did lighten his
knocks significantly lanchizu on the
other hand was good humored the entire
time when they came to knock at the 13th
shop he repeated the same question he'd
repeated many times before
is anyone here
suddenly the door moved slightly
cracking open a thin black slit it was
very dark inside and nothing was visible
through the crack
nor did the one who opened the door
speak a word
the close the closest boys took an
unconscious step back
oh right
then zooey composed himself and asked
may i asked a few the shopkeeper it was
a while before a strange old and hoarse
voice leaked from the crack yes
we wishing approached padded lances to
his shoulder to have him move back and
then spoke up
shopkeeper this is our first time in the
area and we got lost because of the
thick fog we're a little tired we're a
little tired from walking for so long
might we be able to take a brief rest in
your store
and the strange voice replied
this shop of mine is not a place for
rest
waywashan asked if
wei wushan acted as if he found nothing
amiss he said looking perfectly normal
but there doesn't seem to be anyone
occupying the other stores will you
really not grant us this reprieve we'll
pay a handsome sum
jin ling couldn't help but comment and
where did you get the money to pay a
handsome some let's get this clear right
now i'm not lending you any money
we wish and swung an exquisite little
money pouch in front of his eyes
do you see what this is
then jingy was greatly alarmed the
audacity
that belongs to hang on june
as they quarreled the door opened a
little further the interior of the house
still wasn't visible they could now at
least see that the one standing behind
the door was an expressionless old lady
with the head of with a head of grayish
white hair
although her back was hunched and she
looked aged at first glance she didn't
actually have too many wrinkles or age
spots
calling her an auntie would have been
appropriate too
she opened the door and then stepped
inside it would appear she had relented
jinling greatly surprised mumbled in a
small voice she's really letting us in
way wushan whispered back of course i've
got one foot stuck in the crack so she
can't close the door even if she wants
to
if she didn't let us in i would have
just kicked it down
it says jillian commented but his
comment is literally an ellipsis
so it's literally dot dot
jinling
ye commented was already unnatural and
eerie its residents were hardly ordinary
either this old lady was suspicious
enough to have the juniors all grumbling
in their in their heads but although
they load the thought of going inside a
thousand times over no a million times
there was nowhere to go desperate time
desperate times called for desperate
measures they had no choice but to pick
up their poisoned companions who were
standing stiff and afraid to move and
enter the shop one by one
the old lady watched him passively
guarding the door
once they were all inside she
immediately closed it the interior was
instantly plunged into total darkness
once more
wayward shannon asked mike madame
shopkeeper turn on the light
the lights on the table turn it on
yourself the old lady replied
lanchezoo he just so happened to be
standing next to the next to the table
so he groped around carefully until he
came upon an oil lamp smearing his hand
with years of built up dust in the
process
he flipped out a fire talisman but just
as he brought it close to the wick of
the lamp he unwittingly glanced up in
that instant chills shot from the souls
of his seat to the top of his head boom
he was paralyzed with fear
the main room of this shop was crammed
full of people packed densely elbow to
elbow all staring unblinkingly at them
with bulging eyes
oh [__] no
it's gonna be like the head again right
like it's not gonna be like real oh no
we got a picture that's creepy
whoo
let me uh let me make sure you guys see
this this this creepy ass [__]
look at i mean beautiful creepy ass [__]
but creepy as [__]
uh yeah no i'm not hanging out in that
house i'm gone
like bye
peace i ain't hanging out in there
i don't care where we stand in there
all right gotta bring it up so i can see
you guys but not me because that's weird
[Music]
there we go
he unconsciously slackened his grip
before the oil lamp dropped to the
ground however way wushan saved it he
usually swiped the burning fire talisman
still in lanchizu's hand and lit the
wick before placing the lamp back on the
table
did granny make all these such excellent
craftsmanship way wishing complimented
only then did the group realize that the
people packed into this house weren't
real humans but a crowd of paper
effigies god damn it
the faces heads and bodies of the
effigies were all sized like those of
real people and exquisitely made
there were men and women even children
the men were all yin muscle men tall and
well-built faces and rage the women were
all beauties with their hair quaffed in
either the double ring style or the top
loose bun style their figures were
noticeably slender and graceful despite
being covered by their large paper robes
the patterns on which were finer than
those of real brocade
some were painted heavy with vivid red
and green while some were left starkly
blank white every single one of the
paper effigies had giant blue blush
circles applied to their cheeks to mimic
the color on the faces of the living
however none of their pupils had been
dotted to finalize the work leaving the
sockets white the richer the blush the
ghastlier they appeared
there was another table inside the
center room and upon it were several
candles of various heights waywa chan
let every single one and the golden
light brightened a good half of the
house apart from the paper effigies
there were two large floral wreaths set
on the left and right sides of the
central room and joss money of both
bit and joss money of both bills and
tails were was piled in small heaps in
the corners
gin lee can jin ling wow okay you know
we're going to take a second we're going
to drink some juice
i got to uh
reorient my mouth apparently
jin ling had drawn one third of his
horde of his sword at first but on
seeing that this was nothing but a shop
that sold funerary goods he let out an
imperceptible sigh of relief and chiefed
it
even when a cultivator passed away the
cultivation clans never carried out
these messy and gloomy folk ceremonies
the boys had rarely seen anything like
this so after the initial fright had
passed their curiosity flared and they
felt goosebumps all over
truly this was more exciting than
hunting an average yao beast on a night
hunt
no matter how thick the fog was it
didn't enter the house this was the
first time since entering yeast city
that they could easily see each other's
faces and it put them more at ease
seeing them relax wade wushan turned to
the old lady once more
may i borrow the kitchen
the old lady who didn't seem to
appreciate the fire light was
practically shooting death glares at the
oil lamp the kitchen is in the back help
yourself
then she ducked into another room like
she was hiding from the god of
misfortune she slammed the door
extremely loudly making everyone jump
jingling said there must be something
odd going on with that old witch you all
right that's enough wait was shane cut
him off i need a hand who's coming with
me manchester quickly responded i'll
come
lynching you were still standing as
straight as a broom then what about me
keep standing don't move unless i tell
you to
where shan said lynn
to the kitchen in the back
and the moment that the moment they
entered a putrid stench assaulted their
faces
lanchizu had never smelled anything so
horrible in his entire life his head
swam for a moment but he managed not to
retreat
jin ling followed them in but then
hopped immediately back out fanning
himself desperately for air
what the hell is the smell why are you
wasting time here instead of coming up
with a cure
oh perfect timing way bushing said how
did you know i wanted to call you over
come and help i'm not here to help
jingling barked
ugh did someone forget to bury the body
after they killed it
young mr zhin are you coming or not if
you're coming get in here and help if
not go sit outside and ask someone else
to come over
wait roshan said jin ling flew into a
rage
who's young mistress chin watch what you
say he pinched his nose for a while
dilly dallied for a while and then
finally humped
well i gotta see what the hell you're up
to
and thus he lifted his hands and stormed
furiously over the threshold
unexpectedly however way wushan opened a
box on the ground with a bang
that was where the awful smell was
emanating from a leg of pork and a
chicken were sealed in that box and the
once pink meat had turned completely
green
oh
it was pop marked with little
it was pockmarked with little white
larvae that coiled about
uh-huh
i don't know are the larvae effigies
ling was effectively forced back out
again way roshan picked up the box and
passed it to him
go toss this out anywhere is fine as
long as we don't smell it
jin ling had a stomach filled with
nausea and a head filled with misgivings
but he still obeyed and tossed the box
out
he took out a handkerchief to violently
wipe his hands then toss that
handkerchief out as well when he
returned wait was shannonland
wow got stuck on this name all of a
sudden lan shizui were unexpectedly
washing the kitchen having drawn two
bucks of water two buckets of water
what are you two doing jingling demanded
watching the stove top as you can see
lantern replied as he wiped diligently
my son
why wash that it's not like we're
cooking jin ling said who said we aren't
wait roshan said of course we're cooking
come and help dust get rid of those
cobwebs up there
he spoke with such conviction so matter
of factly that when jin ling was
randomly handed a broom he confusedly
began to do as he was told the more he
dusted however the more he thought
something was wrong but just as he was
about to hurl the broom at way with
shan's head wade wushan opened another
box and he dashed out an alarm
thankfully there was no foul smell to
assault their noses this time
the three moved quickly and soon the
kitchen looked brand new they were
finally signs of life and it lo no
longer entirely resembled a decade's
abandoned haunted house
there was chopped wood readily available
in the corner and they piled it into the
hearth of the stove and kindled the
flames with a fire talisman
then they placed a large newly washed
pot on the stove to boil some water
weiwin poured glutinous rice from the
second box washed every grain and then
drop the rice into the pot
you're making kanji jingling asked
way roshen replied gentling slapped the
rag down way wushan admonished him look
at you losing your temper after doing
only a bit of work look at yazui he's
working the hardest but has he said
anything
what's so bad about kanji
jin ling retorted what's so good about
kanji watery and tasteless wait no you
think i'm angry about the taste of kanji
either way it's not for it's not for you
wait wait shan said
jin ling was even more incensed by that
what did you say i worked for so long
and i don't get a bite oh my god this
boy
lynch is always spoke up mo gangshi
could it be that this kanji can cure
corpse poisoning
way wishing smiled
yes but the cure isn't the kanji it's
the glutinous rice it's a folk remedy
usually you apply the glutenous rice to
scratches or bite wounds in the event
you guys ever wind up in the same
situation again you can give it a try it
might hurt a lot but it's definitely
effective and you'll see instant results
but they weren't scratched or bitten
they breathed in toxic powder so we can
only make glutinous rice congee for them
to eat
understanding dawned on lance missouri
no wonder you were so adamant about
going into a house and specifically an
occupied one only places where people
live would have kitchens and therefore
glutenous rice
who knows how long this rice has been
sitting around or whether it's still
edible jingling said besides it's been
at least a year since anyone's used this
kitchen
it's all dusty and even the meat is
rotten did that old lady not need to eat
this year there's no way she knows how
to pull off
any
i have never seen this word before in my
life
ineddia anita
i-n-e-d-i-a
wow you learn something there every day
there's no way she knows how to pull it
off
so how did she manage to survive
wei wushan calmly replied
either this house has always been empty
and she isn't the owner of the store at
all or she doesn't need to eat
lan jazui said in a hushed voice not
needing to eat would make one a citizen
of the dead but that granny is obviously
breathing
we wishing randomly added whatever was
in a series of bottles and jars to the
pot mixing them in with a spatula as you
spoke
oh yeah you guys weren't done telling
your story how did you all end up coming
to you city together there's no way you
just so happened to run into us again by
chance
way to just
divert
that
conversation like what does this mean
that the chick that we were talking to
is like dead like so
you were telling us a story right
whoo
oh look at me losing my place yet again
there we are
no incorrect
no i was right wow
way way shane randomly added whatever
was in a series of blah blah blah blah
blah blah
the two boys immediately turned solemn
jin ling replied
me those lands and the ones from the
other clans we were all chasing
something i came from ching he
added
we came from langee
what something way weishan asked lynch
usually shook his head not a clue it's
never shown itself and none of us know
exactly what it is or who
or what organization
many days ago after jinling sent his
uncle away on a wild goose chase and
released away with shan he'd been
worried that zheng cheng really would
break his legs so he decided to slip
away in secret see quit oh wow
we are coming up on an hour and a half
um
and
it
shows
so he decided to slip away in secret
disappear for maybe half a month and
reappear after zhang chung's temper had
cooled he handed obsidian to one of
jiang chung's trusted subordinates and
fled
during his escape he came to a small
city at the border of china in the hopes
of finding a good night hunt location
he stopped to rest at the large inn and
was memorizing incantations in his room
that night when fairy who had been lying
at his feet suddenly started barking at
the door
it was already late and jindling scolded
the spirit dog to stop barking but then
he heard a knock
although fairy had stopped barking it
was still agitated scratching the ground
furiously with its sharp claws as its
throat rumbled with low growls
jindling went on alert and sharply
demanded to know who was at the door
since there was no response he ignored
it but an hour later the sound of
knocking came again
jindling hopped out the window with
fairy in tow then went around the
building and rounded the stairs from the
level above he was ready to strike this
person from behind catch them off guard
and see exactly who was playing tricks
in the middle of the night unexpectedly
he found only empty air even after
spying on his door in secret for a while
he saw no one
he kept his eyes open and had fairy
guard the door ready to attack anyone
lurking ready to attack anyone looking
about at a minute's notice
they didn't sleep the entire night but
nothing else happened except that he
kept hearing a strange noise a sound
like dripping water
oh man
that's never
water
early the next morning
a scream came from outside the door
jindling kicked the door open and rushed
out stepping right into a pool of blood
something fell from above the door only
narrowly missing jin ling as he ducked
back
a black cat
someone had
nailed the black cat above his door
without his knowledge the strange sound
he'd heard in the middle of the night
was the dripping of the cat's blood see
never water
never ever in the history of fiction has
it ever been water
also did we see
i feel like that's something we saw on
the show
i switched between a number of ends and
the same thing kept happening jin ling
said ooh jingling haunted so i decided
to take the initiative and pursue the
culprit whenever i heard about the body
of a dead cat randomly appearing
somewhere i'd go there to check it out i
had to uncover who was playing these
foul tricks way wushan turned to
lanchizu are you guys the same then
she's really nodded yes many days ago we
were night huntering night hunting in
langey
one night during dinner the head of a
cat with its pelt still intact was
suddenly ladled up from the soup
at first we didn't know what was
targeting us but that same day when we
switched to a different interest another
dead cat was discovered in the bedding
the bedding
this went on for days we followed it all
the way to yuyung where we ran into
jingongshi we discovered we were all
investigating the same case so we joined
forces it was only today that we found
our way to this region
when we asked a huntsman in the village
in front of a stone tablet we were
pointed to ye city
a huntsman waywuchen wondered yeah
yeah i feel like they've all been lured
there
the junior should have passed by the
village at the fork with the stone
tablet later than he and len wong ji did
but they hadn't seen any huntsman at the
time only a few shy farmer ladies
feeding chickens in minding house
claiming their man had gone to deliver
goods and wouldn't be back for a long
time
the more we rush in pondered the more
solemn he became
now that he'd heard their stories it
seems
it seemed the other party had committed
no crimes other than killing cats and
tossing their bodies around
that's
a crime that's few crimes i don't know
about ancient china but that's crime in
my book you not
harm cats i know that's a
bold stance to take but
although it was surely horrifying to
experience and behold the boys had not
been hurt instead the incidents only
roused their curiosity and desire to get
to the bottom of things
furthermore the juniors had met up in yu
young which also happened to be the
place where shannon lan wang ji had just
departed to come southward to sudan
from the look of things someone had
intentionally led the oblivious kids to
run into the two of them
guiding a bunch of naive juniors to a
place full of unknown dangers to face
the dismembered limb of a murderous
fierce corpse was this not exactly the
same modus operandi as the case of the
moe estate
and that wasn't even the most
complicated problem we wishing was much
warier of the fact that the yin tiger
tally could be here in ye city at this
very moment
unwilling as he might be to accept the
possibility it was the most logical
explanation
since there existed someone who could
restore the remaining half of the yin
tiger tally
there was no telling whose hands the
restored yin tiger tally had landed in
regardless of whether it was supposedly
taken care of
lanchizu who had been crouching and
fanning the firewood looked up and said
ooh mochembe
the glutinous rice congee seems to be
done
weirshen snapped out of it and stopped
mixing he took the bowl lame chisel had
just watched and ladled out a bit to
taste it's done you can bring it out
everyone who's poisoned gets a bowl feed
it to them
len jingy had only taken one bite after
the kanji was served however before he
sprouted out what is this poison
what poison this is the antidote
glutenous highest kanji way roshan
stated
manjing you've rebuked the very idea
setting aside why glutinous rice is the
antidote i've never eaten such spicy
kanji
the others who had taken bites all not
in an agreement with watery eyes way
wushan stroked his chin he had grown up
in yeonmang a place that was very fond
of hot spices and we washed was as
hardened as they came whenever he cooked
he invariably made the food so spicy
that even gen chunk couldn't stand it
and would hurl the bowl away while
loudly cursing its horrible taste
and yet he remained forever unable to
stop himself from adding spoon after
spoon of spice it would seem he had once
again failed to control his hand
lane shizui tasted it out of curiosity
and flushed from head to toe
he burst his lips and managed not to
sputter but both his eyes were red a
thought crossed his mind this flavor
it's so terrible that it's giving me
deja vu medicine is three parts poison
spice helps you sweat so you'll recover
faster way wushan said the boys
expressing their disbelief but still ate
all the kanji with scrunched up faces
for a while after everyone was bright
red and drenched with sweat suffering so
greatly that they felt they might as
well die
way roshan couldn't help but ask is this
really necessary henwon jun is also a
man of gusu but he can eat really spicy
food so why are you guys like this
lan shizui had his hand covering his
mouth as he spoke
that's not right chambe hang on jude's
tastes are very mild he never eats spicy
things
way wuchan was slightly taken aback
really
he remembered once meeting lan wanji at
yaling in his previous life after he
defected from the jain clan of yangmang
although wei wushan was still widely
hated and condemned at the time things
hadn't yet reached the point where
everyone was calling for his
annihilation
so thick skinned as he was he demanded
lan wang ji have a meal with him to
catch up
all len wong ji had ordered at the time
were spicy dishes rife with sichuan
peppercorns so weiwu shan had always
assumed they shared a similar palette
surprisingly now that he thought back he
couldn't recall whether lan wang ji had
actually touched those dishes
but he'd even forgotten to pay for the
meal despite saying it was his treat
leaving lan juan chi to foot the bill in
the end of course he wouldn't remember
such by new details
for some reason he suddenly very very
much wanted to see lan wong ji's face
chen bae mochembe hmm way wassen stopped
out of it lan trazuri said in a harsh
voice the the door to that old lady's
room
has opened
whoo
it is very conveniently gone into part
two
of section eight chapter eight whatever
you want to call it
and i think this is where
[Music]
we're gonna stop
oh
[Music]
this shit's so good
it's uh part two was on oh god i already
closed the book
wow
uh part two is on page 43
so that is where we are stopping
for
today
[Music]
holy crap
yes
yes couscous excuse me anes
service top len wang ji everybody
will let will let his husband
eat whatever
and then pay for it
service top line 1g i'm telling you
oh wow
okay so these live streams are going to
happen tuesdays and thursdays
until we finish
and then
[Music]
i think volume three comes out in the
fall so i don't think the weight is
going to be too terrible
unless i'm mistaken and it's been pushed
back
but between then and now
then and now
now and then there we go
between now and then
after we get through volume two
i was going to pick up um
[Music]
the
dongwa of
tgcf because i'm starting with the
animated show of tgcf
and then if we read anything it will be
um
[Music]
saving system svss
but the dong was gonna come first so
we're kind of mixing things around you
know sometimes it'll be
sometimes it'll be a live reading
sometimes it'll be
the animated version of something
um and we're just gonna
go back and forth
i'm not going to
i have yet to watch um
the untamed
animated series the donghua and i'm
going to save that until after we get
volume 3 of the book so basically after
i finish the book i'll watch the
animated series but i'm doing it
backwards with
heaven official's blessing
just to kind of mix it up
and then of course if the live action of
heaven officials blessing ever actually
sees the light of day then i will
obviously watch that but since we have
no idea when that's coming
i'm gonna start with the animated series
and then read
saving system
and that's just like the next several
months but 3 p.m eastern standard time
tuesday through thursday tuesdays and
thursdays
i will be
reading volume 2
just like this only hopefully better
for an hour and a half
until we're done
that
is still so good it's just so good and
so
satisfying and we have yet
to really break from canon still
which i am
on
i'm i'm i i want to know when and how it
breaks and i'm still waiting
um i'm also still waiting
for
the game is to like to really kick in
and amp up to something
more than the show
and i have no idea when that happens
none whatsoever and that's like one of
my favorite things about reading through
this book is i'm like okay this is the
book this is where we get you know we
get real we get in your face we get
explicit with all this
but when and how
and why we had a little bit of a tease
in volume one with the whole
bed sharing thing
but we have yet to actually get into it
i have yet to be embarrassed
to read anything out loud
that's the barometer i'm going by
so there are lots of things to look
forward to for volume two
unless of course they hold it on to
volume three
but
that's it for today
it was lovely i love doing these things
i have way too much fun doing these
things i am so glad you guys seem to get
something out of it as well
because really i'm just i'm sitting here
reading to myself but not really because
see you on tuesday